hello to all welcome to my video of
finder split
so here is today I'm going to you
show the basics of the future skateboard so
that is, some easy tricks
had to perform to show the
ice cream so already the placement of the fingers
a single detail 1 in front of the nail in front
life that in seven screws that is to say that
ask here it's necessarily me that's a
aprilia thing that prefers to put more
more men behind me
then there are several things already for
start we have the cars the kingdoms
it's the effect of doing that kla I touch
not the ground but I can throw then
and the yardstick of cassava is the but
in front of that so that's it then I'm going
you learn from piopolis olic and the
compliant base seal and relay
then the other tricks so that's it
so here we place the front fingers by
against there for the holy his before the screw
because you're going to have to be in the air
you're going to have to free peace like that
here is here I have a bad
habit it's after my finger in 3d
but must there is always happening
but what's needed too and it's like
keep that two fingers disappointed actually there
had as who you know you like that
age with me so here then he
there's plenty of stuff to do it's after
you can make the fall of others
then we have the choice quickly so the
sheriff it's a tricks and that consists of
take his plank finally a ride on the
board and managed to turn it
like this so to do the show quickly
we put a back to the front and a finger to
the back in place and yes it must be done
a movement of thought it sucks that you
is offered
now if after we can
imagine this is to jump there I
mens what is moving
and here you are, so here I have
decided to take something so
that's what I take to put away my
wheels all that yes that's after that I
come here I did that so if you are
good you sometimes see Lyon who have
trend by doing with three fingers to
on the front jump then tackle
what to enrich then that is if you
if you do not know yet do you
need drawing of a kind a
rating in audio especially do not keep the
flat board of 1 you have you
feared word c was you will lose from
speed so what he wants to do
it's the vc waking up to progress
has passed and there you will see you
have kept your speed thanks to you for
followed me
see you soon in an upcoming video